We are building a multi-tenant SaaS CRM where multiple separate companies use our exact same 
application and database, but they never see each other's data. 
We never change the source code or schema of the application. 

To maintain the isolation between different companies, 
we assign unique IDs for every business, which is called Tenant ID. 
And business A cannot access the data of business B because every schema in our application 
separates the data using tenant ID. 

Instead of adding separate specific columns for every business in the schema, 
we will define custom fields as JSONB Where businesses can add their specific fields into this
custom fields as JSON objects.


Schemas:
First, the tenant scheme is used to store the business details 
and also to uniquely identify the business. It has Tenant ID. Every table, like products, services, 
users, roles, invoices, customers, invoices, the data is stored based on this tenant ID, 
because to fetch the data of a specific business we have to identify every schema using this tenant ID. 

And users in this CRM are also connected by tenant ID, meaning a user can work in company A 
and also in company B. The users schema identifies a record based on two fields:
- tenant ID email ID
- and tenant ID mobile number

And to provide different users access to different units or resources in the CRM, we will assign permissions to their role. 
Permissions in the CRM are global and static. They don't change by any tenants.
For example, a business A can create a role called Sales Rep, and they can assign permissions like:
- create invoices
- update invoices
- delete invoices
The components or routes related to these permissions can only be accessed by the sales rep.

We allow a role-based authentication system in the CRM to store the different roles of a different business.
We have a schema called roles where it stores tenant ID and other details.
To assign the permissions of a role, we have another schema called roles permissions, where we will bind a
permission ID to our role ID.
One thing you have to understand is that the role is customizable by every tenant, and the permissions are not customizable. 
The default permissions can be bind to a specific role in the company. 



Registration:
Imagine you are a medical shop owner. You will open the CRM and enter:
- your business name
- your name
- role name
- email ID
- mobile number
- password
You will submit the form. That's it.
This is the data that we will take as input from the user while the process of registration.

First, your business gets a unique ID, meaning a row is created in the tenants table with your business name and also a tenant ID,
and you will get that tenant ID. And your role is created with all permissions binded to your role, because you are the admin.

Next, based on the role id and the tenant id, a user record is created with your name, email id, mobile number, and password.

To make the user onboarding process easier, we just kept only these six fields to enter into the CRM.

After completion of this transaction, the response object or payload will contain your business name, your name, email ID, 
mobile number, roles and also the permissions, because these are all needed in the frontend. 

Also, a JWT token is created with user ID, tenant ID, and permissions because these are the things 
which are needed to allow the user to a specific route and also to create a record in any schema using the tenant ID. 
Also, to identify a particular user, we need user ID. That's why these three things are securely stored in the token.

This is the response format, and also JWT token format is also followed in the login process. 


Login:
To log in, every employee, every owner of the business, can give input as email or mobile number and password. 
As we know, a single user with the same email ID and mobile number can create different accounts in different businesses. 
For example, Alex can have an account in company B with the same email and mobile number and also in company A.

So when a user enters email ID or mobile number and password, we don't know which account to make him log in.

First, we will find out the user records of that email ID or mobile number and the password.
If we only found a single user record using these credentials, then we will create the session for that account, 
and we will allow him to sign in to that specific business.
if we found multiple accounts in multiple businesses then we have to ask the user to select a specific account that 
he or she wants to login.

After selecting the accounts by the user, we have to verify the credentials again and create the same response format which is used in the register route, like:
- name
- business name
- email ID
- or by number
- password
- roles
- permissions

And the same JWT token which contains user ID, tenant ID, and permissions.



Authorization:
For suppose, a user wants to create a role in a business.
To allow the user to create a role, we have to allow him to access the route called roles/create.

Before allowing access to that route, he should have permission to access this route. 
That permission is like an object which follows the structure name:"create", resource:"roles".

We know that whenever the user sends a request, we will also get his JWT token containing all his permissions. 
We have to check if this permission, which is mentioned above, exists in the user's permissions. 

So for every route, they need a permission to access. We created a middleware called authorize where it takes an argument as a 
permission object. It returns a function which is unique for every route,
where it extracts the JWT token and finds out if the permission (which is passed as an argument to it) 
exists in the user's permissions.

If the user has a permission It stores the user object with the token payload in the request object and it allows access to the route, 
or else it will stop the user from accessing the route.


Switching between roles of an user are needed or directly using permissions.